Create runbook (#998)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/examples/create-runbook.md

---
title: Create project
description: An example script that creates a project.

---

> These script demonstrate how to programmatically create a runbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script demonstrates how to programmatically create a runbook.
```

## Usage
Provide values for the following:
- Octopus URL
- Octopus API Key
- Name of the space to use
- Name of the project
- Name of the runbook to create

> ## Scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Script
```
